Javsscript Day-2 task:

Difference Between Window Object And Document Object?

What is Document object:
   The document object represent the web page that is loaded in the browser. By accessing the document object, we can access element in the HTML pages. with the help
   of document object we can add dynamic content to our web page. the document object can be accessed with window.document or just document.
   short definition: document object represent the HTML document loaded in that window.
   Syntax: document.propertyName
           document.methodName
   
What is Window Object:
   The window object is topmost object of the DOM hierarchy. it is represent browser window or frame that displays the contents of the web page.
   short definition: windowe object represent the browser window.
   Syntax: window.propertyName
           window.methodName

Difference Between Window Object And Document Object:

Window object:
1. It represent the window or frame that displays the content of the web page. 
2. It is bvery first object thet is loaded in the browser.
3. it is object of the browser.
4. Global objects, functions, variables of javascript are members of window object.
5. We can access the window from the window only. i.e. window.window
6. The window is part of BOM not DOM.
7. Properties of the window object cannot access by the document object.
8. Syntax - window.propertyName
9. window.innerHeight : will return the height of the content area of the browser.


Document object:
1. It represent the html document or web page that is loaded in the browser.
2. it is loaded inside the window.
3. it is object of window property.
4. All the tags, elements with attributes in HTML are part of the document.
5. We can access the document from a window using the window. i.e. window.object
6. The documenyt is part of BOM(Browser object model) and DOM.
7. Properties of the document objects such as title, body, cookies can access by the window object. i.e window.doceument.title
8. Syntax - doceument.propertyName
9. document.title : will return the title of the document



